mommy
okay and this this this a bluetooth that
I'm using is this what I'm going to talk
on or talk into the computer
okay so I'll just continue you tell me
when you're ready
testing three two
okay well hello everyone I'm sorry that
I couldn't be there in person would like
to be support supportive in any way that
I can my talk today is about how the JFK
research community can improve its
effectiveness some of you may think well
where does he get the temerity to talk
about that I have spoken to one of your
conference it's live in one remote and I
am very interested in the work that you
do I am essentially an outsider as many
of you know I'm an investigative
journalist by profession and I came to
the pol Kennedy research area fairly
recently as a result of the work that I
did on my book family of secrets I was
researching the Bush family
I was not researching the Kennedy
assassination but essentially I became
interested in some facts of George HW
Bush's life that led me into this area
beginning basically with his claim that
he could not remember where he was
22 1963 and as a result simultaneous
with my doing research on the candidate
on the Bush family I began doing
research on the Kennedy assassination in
my book family of Secrets has about four
or five chapters largely new material
relating to the assassination
particularly as connects with George HW
Bush and his milieu in any case since
I've completed the book by the way I
went in and I think this is very very
important that I went in with an open
mind I pride myself on doing my work
without an agenda I think that if you go
into any kind of research with a very
very fixed idea of what you will find or
what you want to find the results that
are invariably going to be tainted and I
really was just collecting a lot of
facts and trying to connect the dots if
you will in any case several years now
since family the secrets came out I'm
glad to say that the large majority of
what I have in
born out we haven't had any kind of
significant Corrections there were
several very very small ere is mostly a
couple of things where we said that
someone had gone to one University where
he actually go
but in terms of the core of the material
typically the Kennedy material it stood
up quite well but now I've had a chance
to kind of look a little bit at what
response there was to this work from the
JFK researcher community and I have to
say I was quite disappointed because our
sense was that family of secrets contain
a great deal of new and important
information I had thought that there
would be a widespread interest in it and
that folks would communicate with each
other would talk about it would build on
it and would try to link it to other
work being done out there I think it's
very very important to work in a
collaborative way to share information
to discuss information that to try to
build some kind of a coherent and
meaningful whole and I think my own
experience it's seeing that not happen
with this body of work indicates to me
it explains to me a little bit about why
it is that even at this late date the
public still is so fragmented so
confused has trouble understanding even
the basics of what has already been
established and so I'd really like to
talk a little bit about
over the course of the next 20 minutes
or so she would leave some time for
questions if I can figure this
technology out and how I'm supposed to
get the question first of all I am
looking a few notes yes her eyes are
moving around that's why I I see three
or four deficiencies if you will in the
way that people work together or don't
work together in this community and I
would say one of them is essentially a
kind of a solo approach by researchers
now understandably ego certainly comes
into many many pictures and it comes in
here too but I see not a great deal of
effort to researchers to work with each
other and I've experienced this
firsthand because I've reached out to
quite a few people along the way and
even since the book has come out some
have been very very interested in
talking and sharing particularly a Peter
Dale Scott within
quite good friends Peter and I actually
did a joint event not too long ago two
books ago in San Francisco and I'm very
very pleased with the way that we share
materials send things up and back or for
people and so forth I'd like to
encourage much more of that the second
thing is a kind of a constant criticism
of others and I think you all know what
I'm talking about I get emails all the
time instead of sort of praising all the
new material I brought out kind of
saying well this thing is technically
wrong and why did you do that and so on
like I don't think that that's that
helpful I think that's helpful as part
of a larger effort to cooperate with
people however the third thing is that I
see a lot of people take what I would
call it kind of a hobbyist approach to
there's a very narrow approach almost
like somebody who collects a particular
kind of car it was only interested in
that that people seem to be very very
interested in say ballistics or what
happened in Mexico City or what happened
in New Orleans or as to Oswald's theory
and so forth and focus almost
exclusively on that now I understand why
you would do that from a research
standpoint but ultimately if our
directive is to try to advance public
understanding of American history and of
this absolutely seminal event we've got
to be able to not only focus on specific
things but to build links between our
work and that of others and at the
conclusion of my remarks I'll suggest a
few ways that we could do that in
particularly ways I'd love to have
people interactive
with me and the work that I do and then
I sometimes I almost get a sense that
people who have been deeply involved
with the issue for so long almost don't
even really want it solved they just
kind of enjoy doing it and of course
that's not where I'm coming from I would
like to see this thing solved so so that
I think is very very important now what
to do about that first of all it seems
to me that it would be important to
establish as many points of commonality
as possible things that we can't agree
on instead of the current either
intentional or accidental chaos that I
think prevails there are a lot of
talented people around but well-meaning
and smart
we don't necessarily all play well with
others
or an effort and I have again begun
recently reaching out to a few people
and asking them if they would like to
work with me on developing things
linking things figuring things out and
it seems to me that if we could set on
it is work on a few sets of facts and
kind of figure out what it is that we we
can agree on those and perhaps even find
a way to publish them communally that
would be very very important
particularly as we're coming up on the
50th anniversary I am seeing patterns
everywhere
when I wrote family of Secrets I was
fairly cautious in drawing conclusions
and I would just invite the reader to
figure out what they thought things
might mean since then I have
increasingly come to the realization
that it's almost impossible
statistically and logically to dismiss
this enormous body of facts that we have
and to accept them as coincidence and I
think that those who do at this point
really we have to take a hard look at
them
just a few things that I focused on in
family of secrets that I've gotten some
more information on or that I think
clearly are solid ground and worth
developing as you may know if you read
the book I was very interested in the
relationship between Georgia HW Bush and
a whole bunch of figures who were in
Dallas on November 22 or
were in that general orbit all of those
connections I would encourage people to
look at again they seem to be quite
significant one figure that I looked at
extensively fellow named Jack Creighton
and CRI chto n who was the head of a
military intelligence unit in Dallas
operating from an underground
communications bunker in Dallas that day
that struck me is something that people
would pick up on him quite surprised
that other than Peter I really haven't
seen anybody run with that George de
Mohrenschildt I was not the first person
to look at him many
we'll have some very extensively but I
think I created a new set of connections
and some new coherence to him and his
relationships with both George HW Bush
and with Lee Harvey Oswald and I think
that the de Mohrenschildt mature I know
several people are looking at books
about him but I'm afraid that these may
not
in the direction of creating greater
clarity of what
so I think creighton think de
Mohrenschildt are very important I think
the Texas School Book Depository itself
is very important and again if you've
read family of Secrets you know that I
started from scratch with a lot of
things I just wanted to know for example
what is what was the Texas School Book
Depository and one of the revelations
for me and perhaps for a lot of you who
did read family secrets was that this
building was really not in the Texas
School Book Depository it was a building
with another name into which a company
called the Texas School Book Depository
company moved in a kind of a skeleton
staff not that long prior to the
assassination and I was deeply intrigued
by that because it became very clear to
me that that company had no legitimate
business reason to move into that
building
his own military intelligence
connections and that in fact even in the
fall of any year and particularly 1963
they really were not in a growth mode
that usually were seasonally laid off
the vast majority of their employees oh
really was no reason for them to have
hired Lee Harvey Oswald in my
determination except that basically they
were told to do that for reasons other
than business I even had an opportunity
to look at you know the common story is
oh I forgot his job because he was
referred by someone else who was working
there
well that that someone else it turns out
only have got his job there a very short
time before Oswald and in fact had moved
down specifically to take this very
unexceptional and low ranking job and so
that seemed to me based on my couple of
decades of covering covert operations to
be a classic cover operation in other
words they needed to put Oswald in the
build
and they needed a kind of indirect route
and so first they would need to get this
other guy who was connected to Mrs Payne
who had her own intelligence connections
and then once once that fellow was in
even brought Oswald in this very
effectively to this day has prevented
much of the community from looking at
really why Oslo was there and I as I say
I think this is one of the most
important smoking guns that needs to be
developed obviously also the approve the
owner of the building was and the fact
that he conveniently was out of the
country at the time of the shooting was
never interviewed by the Warren
Commission I also found very important
links between George de Mohrenschildt
not only as an old friend of George HW s
he was as I reveal and family secrets
working for the CIA in the early 1960s
undercover with his royal company but
that George de Mohrenschildt was
connected to Oswald Gorky warship also
knew all these other people another very
important fact I revealed
family of Secrets was that in the fall
of 1962 as Oswald was being handled and
passed along within this Russian
expatriate community he was linked up
with George de Mohrenschildt who then
promptly created a new charity and the
people on his charity board are all
potential suspects one of them was the
wife of D Harold Byrd the man who owned
the building from which Oswald would
purportedly fire the shots and so you
can see something significant coming
together there and again I'm just quite
astonished at several years later if I
go on the various websites which
admittedly I don't do that often but I
do go on occasionally where many of you
participate in discussions and chats I
see extremely little on this day people
are very eager to just that someone will
post some of this material and someone
else will just see an opportunity to
snipe at someone or make a joke and they
move right on I'm just sort of
incredulous that this material is not
being built upon so there are quite a
few things especially between the the
abundance of intelligence and military
industrial complex connected figures
mapping out their exact relationships
with each other and where they were at
key moments another thing I dealt with
in family of secrets are these two memos
related to George HW Bush
Dallas 1963 1 this memo probably all of
you know about
Hoover memo referring to a briefing
related to Cuban exiles and the
assassination of that memo which has
been around for a long time I'm
surprised nobody has done more with that
and it has occurred to me actually since
the publication of family of secrets
that the very fact that Hoover wrote
this kind of almost a nonsensical memo
it is the memo itself doesn't make a lot
of sense because it basically says the
State Department in the wake of the
assassination has asked us in the FBI to
check with the Cuban exile community and
see if any of them might be planning to
hatch an invasion of Cuba with the
assassination it was an excuse well
that's kind of pretty improbable they
wouldn't be doing anything without
coordination with the American
intelligence community so I took that
memo itself to be some kind of
Hoover in this sort of internecine
warfare between the different agencies
all of which appear to have had some
kind of culpability or links to Oswald
and so the mere fact that Hoover put
this memo into government records and
then he named George Bush of the CIA
specifically as somebody getting a
briefing I think that Hoover somehow was
it was with flagging Bush's awareness or
or involvement in something related to
the assassination I think we need to do
much much more with that I wrote about a
Pepsi about a rather soft drink bottle
errs convention in Dallas and there's a
wonderful photo in family of secrets in
our photo gallery there where you could
actually see Kennedy's car going down
the street and a motorcade and there are
traffic passing by it in the opposite
lane which is astonishing obviously a
violation of all the protocols of
security and that's very interesting but
all also interesting is that this public
bus where I assume anybody on the bus
could have shot Kennedy right out of the
window there had a big advertising
poster on the side welcoming to Dallas
the these bottlers who mostly were very
right-wing but you were quite angry at
Castro over sugar prices and eager to
overthrow him and there was something
like I think it was 8,000 of these
strangers were in doubt
now the failure of the JFK assassination
community to find that interesting that
that and you look through these books
that have been around forever about the
Kennedy assassination there's nothing
practically other than maybe a very
brief mention about this this convention
but I mean the fact that they were timed
at the same time is very very
significant it because it basically
would have made it impossible to really
assess huge numbers of strangers coming
in and out of Dallas and I think the
bottlers issue needs to be studied also
Donald Kendall who was the head of Pepsi
and again in family of secrets I go into
Richard Nixon's embarrassed presence in
Dallas that morning that he I think
correctly was mortified to find that he
had been invited would be there when his
former chief rival was gunned down
I don't think Nixon was complicit in it
but I think he was deliberately brought
to Dallas partially as a way of showing
him that when he was president he might
remember what happened to the presidents
who strayed too far from that kind of
military industrial consensus that I
think is extremely important and people
ought to do more research on
hello
okay am i back live again
okay so it did I was talking about the
bottlers Association and the okay if you
could all hear me I'll just continue
then and what I was saying was
you know and so I think that the whole
fact that the bottle is conventional was
scheduled for Dallas in that week is
itself quite possibly something to look
at in terms of the are you there can you
hear me Costigan hello
okay do we have another ad again
okay so what I'm saying was that the the
bottlers convention which interested me
enormous ly hello hello
hello
okay so everyone could hear me now see
me okay all right so so as regards the
bottlers I was very interested in that
and what I've got in family of secrets I
think is mostly new and I would
encourage people to look at that because
I think the fact that Kennedy ended up
coming to dowse at the same time that
there was this conference with these
thousands of strangers the fact that the
president of Pepsi Donald Kendall
managed to recruit Richard Nixon to his
board and persuade Nixon to come to
Dallas that very week to encourage Nixon
to call a press conference to criticize
Kennedy I think all of these things need
to be looked at Kendall's own interest
in American intervention abroad against
leaders like Ally and a
like in the role of large American
companies traditionally I'm hearing
noise it can you hear me okay
okay III think there's a great deal of
very productive material there to be
examined more carefully since we don't
have a lot of time left I'm going to go
on but I do think that's very important
another related thing is the fact that
George HW Bush and Jack Creighton who I
mentioned
military one big military intelligence
the other being
being non-military intelligence I think
the fact that they were the Republican
candidates for governor and Senator that
year is not insignificant the fact that
they knew each other well the fact that
the man who was the chairman of the been
very small Texas Republican Party who
supposedly persuaded the two of them to
run for office and then as I reveal in
family of secrets the fact that the
Family Foundation of that man was itself
later identified and not challenged as a
CIA funding conduit how can we ignore
these things I mean I think you're
looking at there some potential kind of
funding for the operation itself again
that's another thing that just has been
generally ignored in the research
community another thing which is not in
family of secrets but has come out
recently and I think this is quite
important is the the recording as as
many of you may know LBJ also had a
recording system in the White House and
this is a phone call from the columnist
Joseph Alsop pressuring LBJ to convene
the Warren Commission and LBJ is
resisting and he wants a Texas based
investigation
but I think that's very very important
and in the end LBJ basically does what
all stop essentially tells him to do
I'll stop famously close with all of
these key figures in the intelligence
community I don't think that's a
coincidence I think that was his job to
tell Johnson to do this and what that
means I'm not sure exactly it makes you
wonder how much Johnson did know exactly
about what was going on or whether he
just was understanding things
intuitively and from a bit of a distance
Joe Alsop very important figure also was
very close to John F Kennedy and was the
person who provided a place where
Kennedy could come and have some of his
trysts there are a number of these
figures who Ben Bradley and so forth who
were friends of Kennedy but also friends
are the very people in the intelligence
community who were deeply alarmed by
what Kennedy was doing and who wanted
him out people who Kennedy had fired as
a result of the Bay of Pigs fiasco so I
think all of those connections need to
be looked at in in closing and moving
toward some questions if you would you
have questions I think we need to look
at the willful failures of the media to
cover any of these kinds of revelations
as you know major institutions like the
New York Times and CBS and have you what
have you basically just don't cover
anything about the assassination except
for sort of gossipy little things about
Jackie that don't get us anywhere
if you go to our web site as you may
know I run a non-profit investigative
news site called who what why those
three words who what why.com and on the
site if you go up to the carousel that
lives at the top click on a story we
have about the New York Times is ostrich
act on the JFK assassination and the way
that they continue to ignore revelations
even when they covered I know Jeff
Morley spoke to your conference even
when they reported on
some legal breakthroughs in trying to
obtain information relating to Mexico
City right in the lead of the article
clearly some editor forced in some
comment that kind of watered down the
impact of what the reporter was trying
to say I think we need to look very very
hard at the media itself in part of
course because of operation Mockingbird
and the intention of that circle to
control the media itself which I think
it's still going on either overtly or in
a much more sub rosa kind of way in the
less official sort of way but I think we
still see many many individuals in the
media whose job it is or at least whose
proclivity it is to just block all
serious discussion of these matters and
this gets to what I was talking about at
the beginning how crucial it is to
figure out why this incredible
information that you all dig up then you
all read about is not known to the great
mass of the public here's another thing
I see that the sixth floor museum is
having some events and you know my
question was what the heck is the sixth
floor museum who's behind that what is
their agenda and I can tell you that
when I approached them and clearly I've
got some interesting things to say about
the assassination they sort of cleared
their throat and had some technical
excuse of why they couldn't have me why
they couldn't feature family of secrets
at the muse
I think the sixth floor museum itself is
part of the cover-up and I think that if
you see that it was funded private
privately by the Dallas City fathers the
very people who didn't like Jack Kennedy
and were connected to a mayor Coble and
his brother fired by JFK and so on I
think that we need to look at the
obstruction airy institutions themselves
and try to really let the public
understand what's going on perhaps maybe
the the museum will see this and
suddenly see that that maybe they're
going to have to fess up work or start
seriously dealing with this material be
interesting to observe that so anyway
moving forward I would like among other
things to offer our website who what
why.com as a kind of a serious rallying
point for those who do play well with
others
for those who do want to see some real
progress in solving this thing
I personally am very interested in
hearing from those who may have
information or a little
collaborate speaking as an author and an
investigative journalist I'm always
interested in the help of those who are
good at research I'm happy to work
closely with you to guide you wherever I
can
in technical aspects of investigative
reporting and sometimes researchers
don't they're very good at certain
aspects of research but they don't have
some of the essential investigative
reporter toolkit and I'm happy to
provide that well so in any case whether
it's with me or it's with other people
I'd love to see authors cooperate with
each other share this information and
try to map out some kind of a coherent
final narrative of what we do know and
how we think these events went down both
on November 22 and in the period leading
up to it and also in the cover-up that
has continued ever since so those are
really my remarks thank you very much if
you've got any questions I'd be happy to
answer
yeah
yes
well I mean IIIi told this story before
obviously he did an enormous amount of
work I bought his CD and I reached out
to him I actually traveled all the way
to see him in his town and I don't
really want to get into casting
aspersions on people but that is not one
easy individual to work with he has a
tremendous mass of documents and things
but unfortunately and I may be the only
person who actually tried to read
through the whole thousands of pages of
it it's very very difficult to find the
needles in that haystack he's not a
journalist
and he doesn't seem to understand what's
significant and what isn't I did reach
out to him
in fact he's mentioned in in the book
and the work that he did but the reality
was that he from personal reasons
doesn't trust people didn't trust me and
basically wasn't even willing to shake
my hand because he suspected didn't I
don't really want to go there but I mean
they're very strange things and I can't
be responsible for other people I I'd
love to talk to him as I say I made that
the extensive effort to do so and he's
not the only one there are others who
would say things like you know I've
spent my whole life on this I don't want
to share it I'm sick of this I'm not
really doing anything more there are a
whole plethora of reasons that people
don't cooperate with others
yes hi yeah hi Paul
[Music]
you know what I mean I had heard that
and I'm sorry to say that maybe with
just so many different things on my
plate I I remember starting to look at
that and trying to figure out the the
credibility of that and I don't recall
that I had the opportunity to get all
the way through on that but I would
encourage you and anybody else who has
any of these things to please contact me
there are email contacts on the who what
why website they're also on the there's
also a family of secrets calm website
you can contact me by that a please feel
free at any time to point out passages
and books a new breakthroughs whatever I
will look at them I will get back to you
now all of these things are important
and they all need to be checked out
now kicking
I'm sorry can you restate that
you know there are indications that he
is you know getting on in years showing
signs of that I think that the Bush
family cannot be written off at all with
with the Republican Party putting up
such a gallery of clowns as they have
this year figures like Jeb Bush end up
having a great deal of appeal and III
think they are preparing to run Jeb
certainly in 2016 and frankly I wouldn't
rule out the possibility that he would
get a draft in 2012 so I think they're
very much in the picture and and uh you
know poppy to me was the most important
of them but he's not the only one
okay thank you
they they wanted to know what's that
like really really large Mouse that's
walking by and can feel the creaking
floorboards
hello
haha pick up that joke okay so alright I
was just telling somebody who just
walked by and Beatriz okay have a good
day all of you okay